This is the repository containing my work during education at Vancouver Island University. 

LEGEND:

csci160 - Computing Science I: A first year course in computer science. Topics include structured programming, top-down program design, procedures, recursion, and an introduction to dynamic data structures.
csci161 - Computing Science II: A continuation of CSCI 160. Topics include an introduction to objects, classes, object-oriented programming techniques (encapsulation, inheritance, and polymorphism), dynamic data structures (dynamic arrays, linked lists and trees), and abstract data types (stacks, queues and dictionaries).
csci162 - Topics in Computing Science: An introduction to applied and theoretical concepts in computer science. Topics include fourth generation languages, computer organization, system software, software engineering principles, and theory of computation.
csci251 - Systems and Networks: An introduction to operating systems and computer networks. Topics include network architectures, communications protocols, client / server architecture and file systems. The lab component includes hardware and software installations, upgrades and backups.
csci260 - Data Structures: An examination of various methods of representing and manipulating data, including internal representation of data, stacks, queues, linked lists, trees and graphs. Analysis of algorithms will also be discussed extensively.
csci261 - Computer Architecture & Assembly Language: An introduction to computer organization, and machine and assembly languages. Topics include data representation, the instruction set and addressing modes of a chosen processor, procedures and parameter passing, and the use of operating system services.
csci265 - Software Engineering: An exploration of the methods and tools for developing high quality software. The course includes topics in program design, program style, algorithm selection, interface design, debugging and testing, system utilities, version control, regular expressions and an introduction to scripting languages.
csci330 - Programming Languages: The fundamental concepts of imperative and applicative programming languages. Topics include the description of data types, variable assignment and sharing, sequencing, iteration and recursion, parameter passing mechanisms, and type checking.
csci331 - Object-Oriented Programming: Topics include aspects of object-oriented analysis, design and development; definition and comparison of object-oriented metrics; verification methods for OO-software; maintenance and reuse issues.
csci355 - Digital Logic and Computer Organization: The fundamentals of logic design, computer organization, and the structure of major hardware components of computers. Topics include the application of Boolean algebra to switching circuits; the use of MSI, LSI and field programmable devices in digital design; combinatorial and sequential circuits, flip flops, counters, memory organization, CAD tools.
csci360 - Intro to Operating Systems: An introduction to the major concepts of operating systems and study of the interrelationships between the operating system and the architecture of computer systems. Topics include operating system structures, concurrent programming techniques, cpu scheduling, deadlocks, memory management, file systems and protection.
csci370 - Database Systems: An introduction to the use and operating principles of database management systems. Topics include data entities and relationships, data modelling using Entity-Relationship Diagrams, hierarchical, network and relational models of databases, query language, physical representation of data in secondary storage, relational algebra and calculus as applied to the design of databases, security and integrity in the context of concurrent use, and basic ethical issues associated with database design and use.
csci460 - Network and Communications: An introduction to computer networks and communications. Topics include local and wide area networks, network architectures, security, communications protocols, routing, and an introduction to distributed computing.
csci461 - Embedded and Real-Time Software Systems: The theory and practice of developing embedded systems with time and resource constraints. Topics include design, development and deployment of embedded systems on hardware ranging from bare-metal micro-controllers to systems with a real-time OS to Embedded Linux systems. Time-oriented topics include bare-metal programming, cooperative multitasking and preemptive multitasking.
csci479 - Advanced Topics in Artificial Intelligence: This course examines selected emerging and advanced topics in Artificial Intelligence. Topics include: searching strategies, constraint satisfaction, game playing, knowledge representation and reasoning, machine learning, applications to robotics.
csci485 - Game Development: A study of independent development workflows during the process of creating a videogame. Genres include: physical card/strategy boardgame; 2D real-time strategy; 2D action platformer; 2D rpg/roguelike; 2D bullet hell; 2D puzzler; 2D narrative/interactive novel; 3D versions of the mentioned 2D genres. Topics include: DevOps and game studio workflows; fundamentals of visual design and animation; procedural design; traditional story structure; natural language processing; interactive narrative design; artificial intelligence; GPU programming (Vulkan); game engine programming; computational optimizations;
